org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNextCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)C NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parse(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseNumber(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:parseAndIgnoreWhitespace(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/ParsePosition;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat(Ljava/util/Locale;)Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>()V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getDefaultNumberFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getImaginaryCharacter()Ljava/lang/String; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getRealFormat()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:getInstance(Ljava/util/Locale;)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryCharacter(Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setImaginaryFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.ComplexFormat:setRealFormat(Ljava/text/NumberFormat;)V NoneFix
