org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.NumericEntityUnescaper:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.NumericEntityUnescaper:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.NumericEntityUnescaper:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.NumericEntityUnescaper:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.NumericEntityUnescaper:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.NumericEntityUnescaper:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.NumericEntityUnescaper:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.NumericEntityUnescaper:<init>()V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.NumericEntityUnescaper:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.NumericEntityUnescaper:<init>()V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.NumericEntityUnescaper:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.NumericEntityUnescaper:<init>()V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.NumericEntityUnescaper:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.NumericEntityUnescaper:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.NumericEntityUnescaper:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.NumericEntityUnescaper:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.NumericEntityUnescaper:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.NumericEntityUnescaper:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.NumericEntityUnescaper:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.NumericEntityUnescaper:<init>()V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.NumericEntityUnescaper:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.NumericEntityUnescaper:<init>()V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.NumericEntityUnescaper:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.NumericEntityUnescaper:<init>()V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.NumericEntityUnescaper:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.NumericEntityUnescaper:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.NumericEntityUnescaper:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.NumericEntityUnescaper:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.NumericEntityUnescaper:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.NumericEntityUnescaper:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.NumericEntityUnescaper:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.NumericEntityUnescaper:<init>()V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.NumericEntityUnescaper:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.NumericEntityUnescaper:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.NumericEntityUnescaper:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.NumericEntityUnescaper:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.NumericEntityUnescaper:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.NumericEntityUnescaper:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.NumericEntityUnescaper:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.NumericEntityUnescaper:<init>()V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.NumericEntityUnescaper:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.NumericEntityUnescaper:<init>()V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.NumericEntityUnescaper:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.NumericEntityUnescaper:<init>()V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.NumericEntityUnescaper:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.NumericEntityUnescaper:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.NumericEntityUnescaper:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.NumericEntityUnescaper:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.NumericEntityUnescaper:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.NumericEntityUnescaper:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.NumericEntityUnescaper:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.NumericEntityUnescaper:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
