org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:operate([Ljava/math/BigDecimal;)[Ljava/math/BigDecimal; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:operate([D)[D CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:<init>([[Ljava/math/BigDecimal;Z)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:getColumnDimension()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:getRowDimension()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:<init>([[DZ)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:getColumnDimension()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:getRowDimension()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:operate([Ljava/math/BigDecimal;)[Ljava/math/BigDecimal; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:operate([D)[D CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:<init>([[Ljava/math/BigDecimal;Z)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:getColumnDimension()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:getRowDimension()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:<init>([[DZ)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:getColumnDimension()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:getRowDimension()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:operate([Ljava/math/BigDecimal;)[Ljava/math/BigDecimal; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:operate([D)[D CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:<init>([[Ljava/math/BigDecimal;Z)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:getColumnDimension()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:getRowDimension()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:<init>([[DZ)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:getColumnDimension()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:getRowDimension()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:operate([Ljava/math/BigDecimal;)[Ljava/math/BigDecimal; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:operate([D)[D CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:<init>([[Ljava/math/BigDecimal;Z)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:getColumnDimension()I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:getRowDimension()I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:<init>([[DZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:getColumnDimension()I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:getRowDimension()I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:operate([Ljava/math/BigDecimal;)[Ljava/math/BigDecimal; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:operate([D)[D CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:<init>([[Ljava/math/BigDecimal;Z)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:getColumnDimension()I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:getRowDimension()I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:<init>([[DZ)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:getColumnDimension()I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:getRowDimension()I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:operate([Ljava/math/BigDecimal;)[Ljava/math/BigDecimal; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:operate([D)[D CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:<init>([[Ljava/math/BigDecimal;Z)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:getColumnDimension()I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:getRowDimension()I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:<init>([[DZ)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:getColumnDimension()I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:getRowDimension()I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:operate([Ljava/math/BigDecimal;)[Ljava/math/BigDecimal; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:operate([D)[D CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:<init>([[Ljava/math/BigDecimal;Z)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:getColumnDimension()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:getRowDimension()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:<init>([[DZ)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:getColumnDimension()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:getRowDimension()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:operate([Ljava/math/BigDecimal;)[Ljava/math/BigDecimal; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:operate([D)[D CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:<init>([[Ljava/math/BigDecimal;Z)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:getColumnDimension()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:getRowDimension()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:<init>([[DZ)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:getColumnDimension()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:getRowDimension()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:operate([Ljava/math/BigDecimal;)[Ljava/math/BigDecimal; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:operate([D)[D CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:<init>([[Ljava/math/BigDecimal;Z)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:getColumnDimension()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:getRowDimension()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:<init>([[DZ)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:getColumnDimension()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:getRowDimension()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:operate([Ljava/math/BigDecimal;)[Ljava/math/BigDecimal; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:operate([D)[D CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:<init>([[Ljava/math/BigDecimal;Z)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:getColumnDimension()I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:getRowDimension()I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:<init>([[DZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:getColumnDimension()I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:getRowDimension()I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:operate([Ljava/math/BigDecimal;)[Ljava/math/BigDecimal; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:operate([D)[D CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:<init>([[Ljava/math/BigDecimal;Z)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:getColumnDimension()I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:getRowDimension()I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:<init>([[DZ)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:getColumnDimension()I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:getRowDimension()I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:operate([Ljava/math/BigDecimal;)[Ljava/math/BigDecimal; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:operate([D)[D CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:<init>([[Ljava/math/BigDecimal;Z)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:getColumnDimension()I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:getRowDimension()I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:<init>([[DZ)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:getColumnDimension()I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:getRowDimension()I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:operate([Ljava/math/BigDecimal;)[Ljava/math/BigDecimal; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:operate([D)[D CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:<init>([[Ljava/math/BigDecimal;Z)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:getColumnDimension()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:getRowDimension()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:<init>([[DZ)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:getColumnDimension()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:getRowDimension()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:operate([Ljava/math/BigDecimal;)[Ljava/math/BigDecimal; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:operate([D)[D CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:<init>([[Ljava/math/BigDecimal;Z)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:getColumnDimension()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:getRowDimension()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:<init>([[DZ)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:getColumnDimension()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:getRowDimension()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:operate([Ljava/math/BigDecimal;)[Ljava/math/BigDecimal; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:operate([D)[D CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:<init>([[Ljava/math/BigDecimal;Z)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:getColumnDimension()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:getRowDimension()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:<init>([[DZ)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:getColumnDimension()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:getRowDimension()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:operate([Ljava/math/BigDecimal;)[Ljava/math/BigDecimal; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:operate([D)[D CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:<init>([[Ljava/math/BigDecimal;Z)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:getColumnDimension()I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:getRowDimension()I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:<init>([[DZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:getColumnDimension()I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:getRowDimension()I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:operate([Ljava/math/BigDecimal;)[Ljava/math/BigDecimal; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:operate([D)[D CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:<init>([[Ljava/math/BigDecimal;Z)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:getColumnDimension()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:getRowDimension()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:<init>([[DZ)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:getColumnDimension()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:getRowDimension()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:operate([Ljava/math/BigDecimal;)[Ljava/math/BigDecimal; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:operate([D)[D CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:<init>([[Ljava/math/BigDecimal;Z)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:getColumnDimension()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:getRowDimension()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:<init>([[DZ)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:getColumnDimension()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:getRowDimension()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:operate([Ljava/math/BigDecimal;)[Ljava/math/BigDecimal; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:operate([D)[D CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:<init>([[Ljava/math/BigDecimal;Z)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:getColumnDimension()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:getRowDimension()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:<init>([[DZ)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:getColumnDimension()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:getRowDimension()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:operate([Ljava/math/BigDecimal;)[Ljava/math/BigDecimal; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:operate([D)[D CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:<init>([[Ljava/math/BigDecimal;Z)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:getColumnDimension()I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:getRowDimension()I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:<init>([[DZ)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:getColumnDimension()I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:getRowDimension()I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:operate([Ljava/math/BigDecimal;)[Ljava/math/BigDecimal; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:operate([D)[D CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:<init>([[Ljava/math/BigDecimal;Z)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:getColumnDimension()I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:getRowDimension()I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:<init>([[DZ)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:getColumnDimension()I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:getRowDimension()I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:operate([Ljava/math/BigDecimal;)[Ljava/math/BigDecimal; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:operate([D)[D CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:<init>([[Ljava/math/BigDecimal;Z)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:getColumnDimension()I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:getRowDimension()I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:<init>([[DZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:getColumnDimension()I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:getRowDimension()I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:operate([Ljava/math/BigDecimal;)[Ljava/math/BigDecimal; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:operate([D)[D CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:<init>([[Ljava/math/BigDecimal;Z)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:getColumnDimension()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:getRowDimension()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:<init>([[DZ)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:getColumnDimension()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:getRowDimension()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:operate([Ljava/math/BigDecimal;)[Ljava/math/BigDecimal; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:operate([D)[D CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:<init>([[Ljava/math/BigDecimal;Z)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:getColumnDimension()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:getRowDimension()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:<init>([[DZ)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:getColumnDimension()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:getRowDimension()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:operate([Ljava/math/BigDecimal;)[Ljava/math/BigDecimal; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:operate([D)[D CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:<init>([[Ljava/math/BigDecimal;Z)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:getColumnDimension()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:getRowDimension()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:<init>([[DZ)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:getColumnDimension()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:getRowDimension()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:operate([Ljava/math/BigDecimal;)[Ljava/math/BigDecimal; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:operate([D)[D CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:<init>([[Ljava/math/BigDecimal;Z)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:getColumnDimension()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.BigMatrixImpl:getRowDimension()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:<init>([[DZ)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:getColumnDimension()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealMatrixImpl:getRowDimension()I NegFix
