org.apache.commons.math3.util.ArithmeticUtils:gcd(II)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:multiply(I)Lorg/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:percentageValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.util.ArithmeticUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:multiply(I)Lorg/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:percentageValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.util.ArithmeticUtils:gcd(II)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:multiply(I)Lorg/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:percentageValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.util.ArithmeticUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:multiply(I)Lorg/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:percentageValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.util.ArithmeticUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:multiply(I)Lorg/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:percentageValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.util.ArithmeticUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:multiply(I)Lorg/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:percentageValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.util.ArithmeticUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:multiply(I)Lorg/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:percentageValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.util.ArithmeticUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:multiply(I)Lorg/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:percentageValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.util.ArithmeticUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:multiply(I)Lorg/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:percentageValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.util.ArithmeticUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:multiply(I)Lorg/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:percentageValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.util.ArithmeticUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:multiply(I)Lorg/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:percentageValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.util.ArithmeticUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:multiply(I)Lorg/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:percentageValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.util.ArithmeticUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:multiply(I)Lorg/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:percentageValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.util.ArithmeticUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:multiply(I)Lorg/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:percentageValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.util.ArithmeticUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:multiply(I)Lorg/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:percentageValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.util.ArithmeticUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:multiply(I)Lorg/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:percentageValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:percentageValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:multiply(I)Lorg/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.util.ArithmeticUtils:gcd(II)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:percentageValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:multiply(I)Lorg/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.util.ArithmeticUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:percentageValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:multiply(I)Lorg/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.util.ArithmeticUtils:gcd(II)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:percentageValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:multiply(I)Lorg/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.util.ArithmeticUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:multiply(I)Lorg/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:percentageValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.util.ArithmeticUtils:gcd(II)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:multiply(I)Lorg/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:percentageValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.util.ArithmeticUtils:gcd(II)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:multiply(I)Lorg/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:percentageValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.util.ArithmeticUtils:gcd(II)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:multiply(I)Lorg/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:percentageValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.util.ArithmeticUtils:gcd(II)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:multiply(I)Lorg/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:percentageValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.util.ArithmeticUtils:gcd(II)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:multiply(I)Lorg/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:percentageValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.util.ArithmeticUtils:gcd(II)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:multiply(I)Lorg/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:percentageValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.util.ArithmeticUtils:gcd(II)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:multiply(I)Lorg/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:percentageValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.util.ArithmeticUtils:gcd(II)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:multiply(I)Lorg/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:percentageValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.util.ArithmeticUtils:gcd(II)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:multiply(I)Lorg/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:percentageValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.util.ArithmeticUtils:gcd(II)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:multiply(I)Lorg/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:percentageValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.util.ArithmeticUtils:gcd(II)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:multiply(I)Lorg/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:percentageValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.util.ArithmeticUtils:gcd(II)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:multiply(I)Lorg/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:percentageValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.util.ArithmeticUtils:gcd(II)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:multiply(I)Lorg/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:percentageValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.util.ArithmeticUtils:gcd(II)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:multiply(I)Lorg/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:percentageValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.util.ArithmeticUtils:gcd(II)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:multiply(I)Lorg/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:percentageValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.util.ArithmeticUtils:gcd(II)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:multiply(I)Lorg/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:percentageValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.util.ArithmeticUtils:gcd(II)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:multiply(I)Lorg/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:percentageValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.util.ArithmeticUtils:gcd(II)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:multiply(I)Lorg/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:percentageValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.util.ArithmeticUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:multiply(I)Lorg/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:percentageValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.util.ArithmeticUtils:gcd(II)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:multiply(I)Lorg/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:percentageValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.util.ArithmeticUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:multiply(I)Lorg/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:percentageValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.util.ArithmeticUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:multiply(I)Lorg/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:percentageValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.util.ArithmeticUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:multiply(I)Lorg/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:percentageValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.util.ArithmeticUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:multiply(I)Lorg/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:percentageValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.util.ArithmeticUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:multiply(I)Lorg/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:percentageValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.util.ArithmeticUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:percentageValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:multiply(I)Lorg/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.util.ArithmeticUtils:gcd(II)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:percentageValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:multiply(I)Lorg/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.util.ArithmeticUtils:gcd(II)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:percentageValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:multiply(I)Lorg/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.util.ArithmeticUtils:gcd(II)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:percentageValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:multiply(I)Lorg/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.util.ArithmeticUtils:gcd(II)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:percentageValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:multiply(I)Lorg/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.util.ArithmeticUtils:gcd(II)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:percentageValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:multiply(I)Lorg/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.util.ArithmeticUtils:gcd(II)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:percentageValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:multiply(I)Lorg/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.util.ArithmeticUtils:gcd(II)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:percentageValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:multiply(I)Lorg/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.util.ArithmeticUtils:gcd(II)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:percentageValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:multiply(I)Lorg/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.util.ArithmeticUtils:gcd(II)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:percentageValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:multiply(I)Lorg/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.util.ArithmeticUtils:gcd(II)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:percentageValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:multiply(I)Lorg/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.util.ArithmeticUtils:gcd(II)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:percentageValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:multiply(I)Lorg/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.util.ArithmeticUtils:gcd(II)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:percentageValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:multiply(I)Lorg/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.util.ArithmeticUtils:gcd(II)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:percentageValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:multiply(I)Lorg/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.util.ArithmeticUtils:gcd(II)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:percentageValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:multiply(I)Lorg/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.util.ArithmeticUtils:gcd(II)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:multiply(I)Lorg/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:percentageValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.util.ArithmeticUtils:gcd(II)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.util.ArithmeticUtils:gcd(II)I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:percentageValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:multiply(I)Lorg/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.util.ArithmeticUtils:gcd(II)I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:percentageValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:multiply(I)Lorg/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.util.ArithmeticUtils:gcd(II)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:percentageValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:multiply(I)Lorg/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.util.ArithmeticUtils:gcd(II)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:percentageValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:multiply(I)Lorg/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.util.ArithmeticUtils:gcd(II)I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:percentageValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:multiply(I)Lorg/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.util.ArithmeticUtils:gcd(II)I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:percentageValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:multiply(I)Lorg/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.util.ArithmeticUtils:gcd(II)I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:percentageValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:multiply(I)Lorg/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.util.ArithmeticUtils:gcd(II)I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:percentageValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:multiply(I)Lorg/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.util.ArithmeticUtils:gcd(II)I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:percentageValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:multiply(I)Lorg/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.util.ArithmeticUtils:gcd(II)I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:percentageValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:multiply(I)Lorg/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.util.ArithmeticUtils:gcd(II)I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:percentageValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:multiply(I)Lorg/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.util.ArithmeticUtils:gcd(II)I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:percentageValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:multiply(I)Lorg/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.util.ArithmeticUtils:gcd(II)I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:percentageValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:multiply(I)Lorg/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.util.ArithmeticUtils:gcd(II)I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:percentageValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:multiply(I)Lorg/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.util.ArithmeticUtils:gcd(II)I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:percentageValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:multiply(I)Lorg/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.util.ArithmeticUtils:gcd(II)I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:percentageValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:multiply(I)Lorg/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.util.ArithmeticUtils:gcd(II)I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:percentageValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:multiply(I)Lorg/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.util.ArithmeticUtils:gcd(II)I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:percentageValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:multiply(I)Lorg/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:multiply(I)Lorg/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.util.ArithmeticUtils:gcd(II)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:percentageValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:multiply(I)Lorg/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.util.ArithmeticUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:percentageValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:multiply(I)Lorg/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.util.ArithmeticUtils:gcd(II)I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:percentageValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:multiply(I)Lorg/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.util.ArithmeticUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:percentageValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:multiply(I)Lorg/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.util.ArithmeticUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:percentageValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:multiply(I)Lorg/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.util.ArithmeticUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:percentageValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:multiply(I)Lorg/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.util.ArithmeticUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:percentageValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:multiply(I)Lorg/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.util.ArithmeticUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction:percentageValue()D NoneFix
