org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:<init>([[Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
