org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:escape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$LookupEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:doUnescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;I)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.IntHashMap:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils:unescapeHtml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities$PrimitiveEntityMap:name(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:unescape(Ljava/io/Writer;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.Entities:entityName(I)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
