org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:addData(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.regression.SimpleRegression:getSumSquaredErrors()D NegFix
