org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getReal()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:getImaginary()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:valueOf(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinh(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tan()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:tanh()Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(DD[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cos(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sin(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:<init>(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sinQ(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$100()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$300()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable:access$200()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable:access$000()[D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.complex.Complex:createComplex(DD)Lorg/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:cosQ(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polyCosine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:polySine(D)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:exp(D)D NegFix
