org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getReducedFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
