org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeXml(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
