org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BrentSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifySequence(DDD)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:isSequence(DDD)Z NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BrentSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BrentSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDDDDD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BrentSolver:<init>()V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.MathRuntimeException$4:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;[Ljava/lang/Object;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:setResult(DI)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.MathRuntimeException:createIllegalArgumentException(Ljava/lang/String;[Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/IllegalArgumentException; NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BrentSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifySequence(DDD)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:isSequence(DDD)Z NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BrentSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BrentSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDDDDD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BrentSolver:<init>()V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.MathRuntimeException$4:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;[Ljava/lang/Object;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:setResult(DI)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.MathRuntimeException:createIllegalArgumentException(Ljava/lang/String;[Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/IllegalArgumentException; NegFix
