org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NoneFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NoneFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NoneFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NoneFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NoneFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NoneFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NoneFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NoneFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NoneFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NoneFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NoneFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NoneFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NoneFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NoneFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NoneFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NoneFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NoneFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NoneFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NoneFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NoneFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NoneFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NoneFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NoneFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NoneFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NoneFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NoisyFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NoisyFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NoisyFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NoisyFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NoisyFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NoisyFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NoisyFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NoisyFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoisyFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NoisyFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NoisyFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NoisyFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NoisyFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NoisyFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NoisyFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NoisyFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NoisyFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NoisyFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NoisyFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NoisyFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NoisyFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NoisyFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NoisyFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NoisyFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NoisyFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NoisyFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoisyFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V CleanFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V CleanFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V CleanFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V CleanFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V CleanFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NoneFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NoneFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NoneFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NoneFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NoneFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NoneFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NoneFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NoneFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NoneFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NoneFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NoneFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NoneFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NoneFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NoneFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NoneFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NoneFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NoneFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NoneFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NoneFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NoneFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NoneFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NoneFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NoneFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NoneFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NoneFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NoisyFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NoisyFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NoisyFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NoisyFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NoisyFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NoisyFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NoisyFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NoisyFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoisyFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NoisyFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NoisyFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NoisyFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NoisyFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NoisyFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NoisyFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NoisyFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NoisyFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NoisyFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NoisyFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NoisyFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NoisyFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NoisyFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NoisyFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NoisyFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NoisyFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NoisyFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoisyFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V CleanFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V CleanFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V CleanFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V CleanFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V CleanFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NoneFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NoneFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NoneFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NoneFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NoneFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NoneFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NoneFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NoneFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NoneFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NoneFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NoneFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NoneFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NoneFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NoneFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NoneFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NoneFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NoneFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NoneFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NoneFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NoneFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NoneFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NoneFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NoneFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NoneFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NoneFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V CleanFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V CleanFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V CleanFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V CleanFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V CleanFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NoisyFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NoisyFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NoisyFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NoisyFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NoisyFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NoisyFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NoisyFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NoisyFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoisyFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NoisyFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NoisyFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NoisyFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NoisyFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NoisyFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NoisyFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NoisyFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NoisyFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NoisyFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NoisyFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NoisyFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NoisyFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NoisyFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NoisyFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NoisyFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NoisyFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NoisyFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoisyFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NoneFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NoneFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NoneFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NoneFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NoneFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NoneFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NoneFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NoneFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NoneFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NoneFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NoneFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NoneFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NoneFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NoneFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NoneFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NoneFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NoneFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NoneFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NoneFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NoneFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NoneFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NoneFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NoneFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NoneFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NoneFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getMaxMiddleIndex()I CleanFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:updateBounds(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:getPeriod()Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:add(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:getDataItem(I)Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;D)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValues:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond()J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.TimePeriodValue:<init>(Lorg/jfree/data/time/TimePeriod;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getEnd()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:getStart()Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.SimpleTimePeriod:<init>(JJ)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getFirstMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:getLastMillisecond(Ljava/util/Calendar;)J NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.Year:peg(Ljava/util/Calendar;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.time.RegularTimePeriod:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NegFix
