org.apache.commons.math.stat.descriptive.moment.Variance:evaluate([D[DDII)D CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.descriptive.moment.Variance:evaluate([D[DII)D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.descriptive.moment.Mean:evaluate([D[DII)D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.descriptive.AbstractUnivariateStatistic:test([D[DII)Z NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.descriptive.summary.Sum:evaluate([D[DII)D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.descriptive.AbstractUnivariateStatistic:test([D[DIIZ)Z NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.descriptive.summary.Sum:evaluate([DII)D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.descriptive.AbstractUnivariateStatistic:test([DIIZ)Z NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.descriptive.moment.Variance:evaluate([D[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.descriptive.moment.SecondMoment:clear()V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.descriptive.moment.FirstMoment:clear()V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.descriptive.summary.Sum:<init>()V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.descriptive.moment.FirstMoment:<init>()V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.descriptive.AbstractUnivariateStatistic:<init>()V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sqrt(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.descriptive.AbstractStorelessUnivariateStatistic:<init>()V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.descriptive.moment.Variance:<init>(Lorg/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Variance;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.descriptive.moment.Variance:clear()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.descriptive.moment.Variance:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.descriptive.moment.Mean:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.descriptive.moment.SecondMoment:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.descriptive.moment.Variance:evaluate([D[DDII)D CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.descriptive.moment.Variance:evaluate([D[DII)D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.descriptive.moment.Mean:evaluate([D[DII)D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.descriptive.AbstractUnivariateStatistic:test([D[DII)Z NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.descriptive.summary.Sum:evaluate([D[DII)D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.descriptive.AbstractUnivariateStatistic:test([D[DIIZ)Z NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.descriptive.summary.Sum:evaluate([DII)D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.descriptive.AbstractUnivariateStatistic:test([DIIZ)Z NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.descriptive.moment.Variance:evaluate([D[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.descriptive.moment.SecondMoment:clear()V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.descriptive.moment.FirstMoment:clear()V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.descriptive.summary.Sum:<init>()V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.descriptive.moment.FirstMoment:<init>()V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.descriptive.AbstractUnivariateStatistic:<init>()V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sqrt(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.descriptive.AbstractStorelessUnivariateStatistic:<init>()V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.descriptive.moment.Variance:<init>(Lorg/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Variance;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.descriptive.moment.Variance:clear()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.descriptive.moment.Variance:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.descriptive.moment.Mean:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.descriptive.moment.SecondMoment:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.descriptive.moment.Variance:evaluate([D[DDII)D CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.descriptive.moment.Variance:evaluate([D[DII)D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.descriptive.moment.Mean:evaluate([D[DII)D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.descriptive.AbstractUnivariateStatistic:test([D[DII)Z NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.descriptive.summary.Sum:evaluate([D[DII)D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.descriptive.AbstractUnivariateStatistic:test([D[DIIZ)Z NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.descriptive.summary.Sum:evaluate([DII)D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.descriptive.AbstractUnivariateStatistic:test([DIIZ)Z NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.descriptive.moment.Variance:evaluate([D[D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.descriptive.moment.SecondMoment:clear()V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.descriptive.moment.FirstMoment:clear()V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.descriptive.summary.Sum:<init>()V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.descriptive.moment.FirstMoment:<init>()V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.descriptive.AbstractUnivariateStatistic:<init>()V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:sqrt(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.descriptive.AbstractStorelessUnivariateStatistic:<init>()V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.descriptive.moment.Variance:<init>(Lorg/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Variance;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.descriptive.moment.Variance:clear()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.descriptive.moment.Variance:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.descriptive.moment.Mean:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.stat.descriptive.moment.SecondMoment:<init>()V NegFix
