org.apache.commons.math.linear.OpenMapRealMatrix:<init>(II)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.OpenIntToDoubleHashMap:<init>(D)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.OpenIntToDoubleHashMap:computeCapacity(I)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.OpenIntToDoubleHashMap:<init>(ID)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:ceil(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:floor(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealLinearOperator:<init>()V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.AbstractRealMatrix:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.OpenMapRealMatrix:<init>(II)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.OpenIntToDoubleHashMap:<init>(D)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.OpenIntToDoubleHashMap:computeCapacity(I)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.OpenIntToDoubleHashMap:<init>(ID)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:ceil(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:floor(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealLinearOperator:<init>()V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.AbstractRealMatrix:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.OpenMapRealMatrix:<init>(II)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.OpenIntToDoubleHashMap:<init>(D)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.OpenIntToDoubleHashMap:computeCapacity(I)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.OpenIntToDoubleHashMap:<init>(ID)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:ceil(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.FastMath:floor(D)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.RealLinearOperator:<init>()V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.linear.AbstractRealMatrix:<init>(II)V NegFix
