org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BrentSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BrentSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifySequence(DDD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:isSequence(DDD)Z NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:getAbsoluteAccuracy()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BrentSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDDDDD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BrentSolver:<init>()V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:setResult(DI)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BrentSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BrentSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifySequence(DDD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:isSequence(DDD)Z NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:getAbsoluteAccuracy()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BrentSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDDDDD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BrentSolver:<init>()V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:setResult(DI)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BrentSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BrentSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifySequence(DDD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:isSequence(DDD)Z NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:getAbsoluteAccuracy()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BrentSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDDDDD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BrentSolver:<init>()V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:setResult(DI)V NegFix
