org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NoneFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NoneFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NoneFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NoneFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NoneFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NoneFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NoneFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NoneFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NoneFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NoneFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NoneFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NoneFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NoneFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NoneFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NoneFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NoneFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NoisyFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NoisyFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NoisyFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NoisyFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NoisyFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NoisyFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NoisyFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NoisyFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NoisyFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NoisyFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NoisyFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NoisyFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NoisyFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NoisyFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NoisyFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NoisyFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I CleanFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V CleanFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V CleanFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; CleanFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; CleanFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I CleanFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I CleanFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z CleanFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; CleanFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V CleanFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I CleanFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V CleanFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V CleanFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V CleanFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V CleanFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z CleanFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NoneFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NoneFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NoneFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NoneFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NoneFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NoneFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NoneFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NoneFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NoneFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NoneFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NoneFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NoneFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NoneFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NoneFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NoneFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NoneFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NoisyFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NoisyFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NoisyFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NoisyFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NoisyFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NoisyFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NoisyFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NoisyFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NoisyFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NoisyFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NoisyFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NoisyFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NoisyFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NoisyFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NoisyFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NoisyFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I CleanFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V CleanFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V CleanFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; CleanFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; CleanFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I CleanFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I CleanFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z CleanFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; CleanFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V CleanFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I CleanFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V CleanFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V CleanFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V CleanFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V CleanFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z CleanFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NoneFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NoneFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NoneFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NoneFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NoneFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NoneFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NoneFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NoneFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NoneFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NoneFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NoneFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NoneFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NoneFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NoneFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NoneFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NoneFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I CleanFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V CleanFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V CleanFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; CleanFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; CleanFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I CleanFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I CleanFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z CleanFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; CleanFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V CleanFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I CleanFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V CleanFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V CleanFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V CleanFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V CleanFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z CleanFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NoisyFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NoisyFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NoisyFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NoisyFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NoisyFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NoisyFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NoisyFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NoisyFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NoisyFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NoisyFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NoisyFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NoisyFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NoisyFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NoisyFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NoisyFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NoisyFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NoneFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NoneFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NoneFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NoneFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NoneFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NoneFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NoneFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NoneFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NoneFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NoneFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NoneFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NoneFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NoneFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NoneFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NoneFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NoneFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:hashCode()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:setShape(ILjava/awt/Shape;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:writeObject(Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:readObject(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:writeShape(Ljava/awt/Shape;Ljava/io/ObjectOutputStream;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.SerialUtilities:readShape(Ljava/io/ObjectInputStream;)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:getShape(I)Ljava/awt/Shape; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(II)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.HashUtilities:hashCode(ILjava/lang/Object;)I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:equals(Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:get(I)Ljava/lang/Object; NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:set(ILjava/lang/Object;)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:size()I NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ShapeList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>()V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(I)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.AbstractObjectList:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.jfree.chart.util.ObjectUtilities:equal(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z NegFix
