org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:modify(Ljava/util/Calendar;IZ)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.time.DateUtils:truncate(Ljava/util/Date;I)Ljava/util/Date; NegFix
