org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/GenericArrayType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;Ljava/util/Map;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getClosestParentType(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getRawType(Ljava/lang/reflect/ParameterizedType;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitLowerBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getImplicitUpperBounds(Ljava/lang/reflect/WildcardType;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:getTypeArguments(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/Map; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:normalizeUpperBounds([Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;)[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.reflect.TypeUtils:substituteTypeVariables(Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.StringEscapeUtils:escapeHtml4(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:isAssignable(Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Class;Z)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SystemUtils:isJavaVersionAtLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.JavaVersion:atLeast(Lorg/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.ClassUtils:primitiveToWrapper(Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.LookupTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.AggregateTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;ILjava/io/Writer;)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;Ljava/io/Writer;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.text.translate.CharSequenceTranslator:translate(Ljava/lang/CharSequence;)Ljava/lang/String; NegFix
