org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:compareTo(Lorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction;)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:doubleValue()D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:gcd(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
