org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils:clone(Ljava/io/Serializable;)Ljava/io/Serializable; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils:serialize(Ljava/io/Serializable;)[B CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils$ClassLoaderAwareObjectInputStream:resolveClass(Ljava/io/ObjectStreamClass;)Ljava/lang/Class; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils:serialize(Ljava/io/Serializable;Ljava/io/OutputStream;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationException:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Throwable;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils$ClassLoaderAwareObjectInputStream:<init>(Ljava/io/InputStream;Ljava/lang/ClassLoader;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils:clone(Ljava/io/Serializable;)Ljava/io/Serializable; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils:serialize(Ljava/io/Serializable;)[B CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils$ClassLoaderAwareObjectInputStream:resolveClass(Ljava/io/ObjectStreamClass;)Ljava/lang/Class; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils:serialize(Ljava/io/Serializable;Ljava/io/OutputStream;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationException:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Throwable;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils$ClassLoaderAwareObjectInputStream:<init>(Ljava/io/InputStream;Ljava/lang/ClassLoader;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils:clone(Ljava/io/Serializable;)Ljava/io/Serializable; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils:serialize(Ljava/io/Serializable;)[B CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils$ClassLoaderAwareObjectInputStream:resolveClass(Ljava/io/ObjectStreamClass;)Ljava/lang/Class; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils:serialize(Ljava/io/Serializable;Ljava/io/OutputStream;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationException:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Throwable;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils$ClassLoaderAwareObjectInputStream:<init>(Ljava/io/InputStream;Ljava/lang/ClassLoader;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils:clone(Ljava/io/Serializable;)Ljava/io/Serializable; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils:serialize(Ljava/io/Serializable;)[B CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils$ClassLoaderAwareObjectInputStream:resolveClass(Ljava/io/ObjectStreamClass;)Ljava/lang/Class; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils:serialize(Ljava/io/Serializable;Ljava/io/OutputStream;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationException:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Throwable;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils$ClassLoaderAwareObjectInputStream:<init>(Ljava/io/InputStream;Ljava/lang/ClassLoader;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils:clone(Ljava/io/Serializable;)Ljava/io/Serializable; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils:serialize(Ljava/io/Serializable;)[B CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils$ClassLoaderAwareObjectInputStream:resolveClass(Ljava/io/ObjectStreamClass;)Ljava/lang/Class; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils:serialize(Ljava/io/Serializable;Ljava/io/OutputStream;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationException:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Throwable;)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils$ClassLoaderAwareObjectInputStream:<init>(Ljava/io/InputStream;Ljava/lang/ClassLoader;)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils:clone(Ljava/io/Serializable;)Ljava/io/Serializable; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils:serialize(Ljava/io/Serializable;)[B CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils$ClassLoaderAwareObjectInputStream:resolveClass(Ljava/io/ObjectStreamClass;)Ljava/lang/Class; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils:serialize(Ljava/io/Serializable;Ljava/io/OutputStream;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationException:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Throwable;)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils$ClassLoaderAwareObjectInputStream:<init>(Ljava/io/InputStream;Ljava/lang/ClassLoader;)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils:clone(Ljava/io/Serializable;)Ljava/io/Serializable; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils:serialize(Ljava/io/Serializable;)[B CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils$ClassLoaderAwareObjectInputStream:resolveClass(Ljava/io/ObjectStreamClass;)Ljava/lang/Class; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils:serialize(Ljava/io/Serializable;Ljava/io/OutputStream;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationException:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Throwable;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils$ClassLoaderAwareObjectInputStream:<init>(Ljava/io/InputStream;Ljava/lang/ClassLoader;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils:clone(Ljava/io/Serializable;)Ljava/io/Serializable; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils:serialize(Ljava/io/Serializable;)[B CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils$ClassLoaderAwareObjectInputStream:resolveClass(Ljava/io/ObjectStreamClass;)Ljava/lang/Class; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils:serialize(Ljava/io/Serializable;Ljava/io/OutputStream;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationException:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Throwable;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils$ClassLoaderAwareObjectInputStream:<init>(Ljava/io/InputStream;Ljava/lang/ClassLoader;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils:clone(Ljava/io/Serializable;)Ljava/io/Serializable; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils:serialize(Ljava/io/Serializable;)[B CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils$ClassLoaderAwareObjectInputStream:resolveClass(Ljava/io/ObjectStreamClass;)Ljava/lang/Class; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils:serialize(Ljava/io/Serializable;Ljava/io/OutputStream;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationException:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Throwable;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils$ClassLoaderAwareObjectInputStream:<init>(Ljava/io/InputStream;Ljava/lang/ClassLoader;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils:clone(Ljava/io/Serializable;)Ljava/io/Serializable; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils:serialize(Ljava/io/Serializable;)[B CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils$ClassLoaderAwareObjectInputStream:resolveClass(Ljava/io/ObjectStreamClass;)Ljava/lang/Class; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils:serialize(Ljava/io/Serializable;Ljava/io/OutputStream;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationException:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Throwable;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils$ClassLoaderAwareObjectInputStream:<init>(Ljava/io/InputStream;Ljava/lang/ClassLoader;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils:clone(Ljava/io/Serializable;)Ljava/io/Serializable; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils:serialize(Ljava/io/Serializable;)[B CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils$ClassLoaderAwareObjectInputStream:resolveClass(Ljava/io/ObjectStreamClass;)Ljava/lang/Class; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils:serialize(Ljava/io/Serializable;Ljava/io/OutputStream;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationException:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Throwable;)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils$ClassLoaderAwareObjectInputStream:<init>(Ljava/io/InputStream;Ljava/lang/ClassLoader;)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils:clone(Ljava/io/Serializable;)Ljava/io/Serializable; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils:serialize(Ljava/io/Serializable;)[B CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils$ClassLoaderAwareObjectInputStream:resolveClass(Ljava/io/ObjectStreamClass;)Ljava/lang/Class; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils:serialize(Ljava/io/Serializable;Ljava/io/OutputStream;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationException:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Throwable;)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils$ClassLoaderAwareObjectInputStream:<init>(Ljava/io/InputStream;Ljava/lang/ClassLoader;)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils:clone(Ljava/io/Serializable;)Ljava/io/Serializable; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils:serialize(Ljava/io/Serializable;)[B CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils$ClassLoaderAwareObjectInputStream:resolveClass(Ljava/io/ObjectStreamClass;)Ljava/lang/Class; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils:serialize(Ljava/io/Serializable;Ljava/io/OutputStream;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationException:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Throwable;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils$ClassLoaderAwareObjectInputStream:<init>(Ljava/io/InputStream;Ljava/lang/ClassLoader;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils:clone(Ljava/io/Serializable;)Ljava/io/Serializable; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils:serialize(Ljava/io/Serializable;)[B CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils$ClassLoaderAwareObjectInputStream:resolveClass(Ljava/io/ObjectStreamClass;)Ljava/lang/Class; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils:serialize(Ljava/io/Serializable;Ljava/io/OutputStream;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationException:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Throwable;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils$ClassLoaderAwareObjectInputStream:<init>(Ljava/io/InputStream;Ljava/lang/ClassLoader;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils:clone(Ljava/io/Serializable;)Ljava/io/Serializable; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils:serialize(Ljava/io/Serializable;)[B CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils$ClassLoaderAwareObjectInputStream:resolveClass(Ljava/io/ObjectStreamClass;)Ljava/lang/Class; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils:serialize(Ljava/io/Serializable;Ljava/io/OutputStream;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationException:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Throwable;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils$ClassLoaderAwareObjectInputStream:<init>(Ljava/io/InputStream;Ljava/lang/ClassLoader;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils:clone(Ljava/io/Serializable;)Ljava/io/Serializable; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils:serialize(Ljava/io/Serializable;)[B CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils$ClassLoaderAwareObjectInputStream:resolveClass(Ljava/io/ObjectStreamClass;)Ljava/lang/Class; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils:serialize(Ljava/io/Serializable;Ljava/io/OutputStream;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationException:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Throwable;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils$ClassLoaderAwareObjectInputStream:<init>(Ljava/io/InputStream;Ljava/lang/ClassLoader;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils:clone(Ljava/io/Serializable;)Ljava/io/Serializable; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils:serialize(Ljava/io/Serializable;)[B CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils$ClassLoaderAwareObjectInputStream:resolveClass(Ljava/io/ObjectStreamClass;)Ljava/lang/Class; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils:serialize(Ljava/io/Serializable;Ljava/io/OutputStream;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationException:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Throwable;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils$ClassLoaderAwareObjectInputStream:<init>(Ljava/io/InputStream;Ljava/lang/ClassLoader;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils:clone(Ljava/io/Serializable;)Ljava/io/Serializable; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils:serialize(Ljava/io/Serializable;)[B CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils$ClassLoaderAwareObjectInputStream:resolveClass(Ljava/io/ObjectStreamClass;)Ljava/lang/Class; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils:serialize(Ljava/io/Serializable;Ljava/io/OutputStream;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationException:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Throwable;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils$ClassLoaderAwareObjectInputStream:<init>(Ljava/io/InputStream;Ljava/lang/ClassLoader;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils:clone(Ljava/io/Serializable;)Ljava/io/Serializable; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils:serialize(Ljava/io/Serializable;)[B CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils$ClassLoaderAwareObjectInputStream:resolveClass(Ljava/io/ObjectStreamClass;)Ljava/lang/Class; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils:serialize(Ljava/io/Serializable;Ljava/io/OutputStream;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationException:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Throwable;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils$ClassLoaderAwareObjectInputStream:<init>(Ljava/io/InputStream;Ljava/lang/ClassLoader;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils:clone(Ljava/io/Serializable;)Ljava/io/Serializable; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils:serialize(Ljava/io/Serializable;)[B CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils$ClassLoaderAwareObjectInputStream:resolveClass(Ljava/io/ObjectStreamClass;)Ljava/lang/Class; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils:serialize(Ljava/io/Serializable;Ljava/io/OutputStream;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationException:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Throwable;)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils$ClassLoaderAwareObjectInputStream:<init>(Ljava/io/InputStream;Ljava/lang/ClassLoader;)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils:clone(Ljava/io/Serializable;)Ljava/io/Serializable; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils:serialize(Ljava/io/Serializable;)[B CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils$ClassLoaderAwareObjectInputStream:resolveClass(Ljava/io/ObjectStreamClass;)Ljava/lang/Class; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils:serialize(Ljava/io/Serializable;Ljava/io/OutputStream;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationException:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Throwable;)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils$ClassLoaderAwareObjectInputStream:<init>(Ljava/io/InputStream;Ljava/lang/ClassLoader;)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils:clone(Ljava/io/Serializable;)Ljava/io/Serializable; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils:serialize(Ljava/io/Serializable;)[B CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils$ClassLoaderAwareObjectInputStream:resolveClass(Ljava/io/ObjectStreamClass;)Ljava/lang/Class; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils:serialize(Ljava/io/Serializable;Ljava/io/OutputStream;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationException:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Throwable;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils$ClassLoaderAwareObjectInputStream:<init>(Ljava/io/InputStream;Ljava/lang/ClassLoader;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils:clone(Ljava/io/Serializable;)Ljava/io/Serializable; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils:serialize(Ljava/io/Serializable;)[B CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils$ClassLoaderAwareObjectInputStream:resolveClass(Ljava/io/ObjectStreamClass;)Ljava/lang/Class; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils:serialize(Ljava/io/Serializable;Ljava/io/OutputStream;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationException:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Throwable;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils$ClassLoaderAwareObjectInputStream:<init>(Ljava/io/InputStream;Ljava/lang/ClassLoader;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils:clone(Ljava/io/Serializable;)Ljava/io/Serializable; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils:serialize(Ljava/io/Serializable;)[B CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils$ClassLoaderAwareObjectInputStream:resolveClass(Ljava/io/ObjectStreamClass;)Ljava/lang/Class; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils:serialize(Ljava/io/Serializable;Ljava/io/OutputStream;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationException:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Throwable;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils$ClassLoaderAwareObjectInputStream:<init>(Ljava/io/InputStream;Ljava/lang/ClassLoader;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils:clone(Ljava/io/Serializable;)Ljava/io/Serializable; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils:serialize(Ljava/io/Serializable;)[B CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils$ClassLoaderAwareObjectInputStream:resolveClass(Ljava/io/ObjectStreamClass;)Ljava/lang/Class; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils:serialize(Ljava/io/Serializable;Ljava/io/OutputStream;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationException:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Throwable;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils$ClassLoaderAwareObjectInputStream:<init>(Ljava/io/InputStream;Ljava/lang/ClassLoader;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils:clone(Ljava/io/Serializable;)Ljava/io/Serializable; CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils:serialize(Ljava/io/Serializable;)[B CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils$ClassLoaderAwareObjectInputStream:resolveClass(Ljava/io/ObjectStreamClass;)Ljava/lang/Class; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils:serialize(Ljava/io/Serializable;Ljava/io/OutputStream;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationException:<init>(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Throwable;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.SerializationUtils$ClassLoaderAwareObjectInputStream:<init>(Ljava/io/InputStream;Ljava/lang/ClassLoader;)V NegFix
