org.apache.commons.lang3.time.DateUtils:isSameLocalTime(Ljava/util/Calendar;Ljava/util/Calendar;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.time.DateUtils:isSameLocalTime(Ljava/util/Calendar;Ljava/util/Calendar;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.time.DateUtils:isSameLocalTime(Ljava/util/Calendar;Ljava/util/Calendar;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.time.DateUtils:isSameLocalTime(Ljava/util/Calendar;Ljava/util/Calendar;)Z NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.time.DateUtils:isSameLocalTime(Ljava/util/Calendar;Ljava/util/Calendar;)Z NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.time.DateUtils:isSameLocalTime(Ljava/util/Calendar;Ljava/util/Calendar;)Z CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.time.DateUtils:isSameLocalTime(Ljava/util/Calendar;Ljava/util/Calendar;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.time.DateUtils:isSameLocalTime(Ljava/util/Calendar;Ljava/util/Calendar;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.time.DateUtils:isSameLocalTime(Ljava/util/Calendar;Ljava/util/Calendar;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.time.DateUtils:isSameLocalTime(Ljava/util/Calendar;Ljava/util/Calendar;)Z NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.time.DateUtils:isSameLocalTime(Ljava/util/Calendar;Ljava/util/Calendar;)Z NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.time.DateUtils:isSameLocalTime(Ljava/util/Calendar;Ljava/util/Calendar;)Z CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.time.DateUtils:isSameLocalTime(Ljava/util/Calendar;Ljava/util/Calendar;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.time.DateUtils:isSameLocalTime(Ljava/util/Calendar;Ljava/util/Calendar;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.time.DateUtils:isSameLocalTime(Ljava/util/Calendar;Ljava/util/Calendar;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.time.DateUtils:isSameLocalTime(Ljava/util/Calendar;Ljava/util/Calendar;)Z NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.time.DateUtils:isSameLocalTime(Ljava/util/Calendar;Ljava/util/Calendar;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.time.DateUtils:isSameLocalTime(Ljava/util/Calendar;Ljava/util/Calendar;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.time.DateUtils:isSameLocalTime(Ljava/util/Calendar;Ljava/util/Calendar;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.time.DateUtils:isSameLocalTime(Ljava/util/Calendar;Ljava/util/Calendar;)Z CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.time.DateUtils:isSameLocalTime(Ljava/util/Calendar;Ljava/util/Calendar;)Z NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.time.DateUtils:isSameLocalTime(Ljava/util/Calendar;Ljava/util/Calendar;)Z NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.time.DateUtils:isSameLocalTime(Ljava/util/Calendar;Ljava/util/Calendar;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.time.DateUtils:isSameLocalTime(Ljava/util/Calendar;Ljava/util/Calendar;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.time.DateUtils:isSameLocalTime(Ljava/util/Calendar;Ljava/util/Calendar;)Z NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang3.time.DateUtils:isSameLocalTime(Ljava/util/Calendar;Ljava/util/Calendar;)Z NegFix
