org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:reduce()Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getFraction(II)Lorg/apache/commons/lang/math/Fraction; NoneFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:greatestCommonDivisor(II)I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getDenominator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:getNumerator()I NegFix
org.apache.commons.lang.math.Fraction:<init>(II)V NegFix
