org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DDD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:solve(Lorg/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealFunction;DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverUtils:midpoint(DD)D NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver:<init>()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:clearResult()V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:verifyInterval(DD)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.analysis.solvers.UnivariateRealSolverImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.ConvergingAlgorithmImpl:<init>(ID)V NegFix
