org.jfree.data.xy.XYSeries:addOrUpdate(DD)Lorg/jfree/data/xy/XYDataItem; CleanFix
org.jfree.data.xy.XYSeries:addOrUpdate(Ljava/lang/Number;Ljava/lang/Number;)Lorg/jfree/data/xy/XYDataItem; CleanFix
org.jfree.data.xy.XYDataItem:compareTo(Ljava/lang/Object;)I NoisyFix
org.jfree.data.xy.XYSeries:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;ZZ)V NoisyFix
org.jfree.data.xy.XYSeries:indexOf(Ljava/lang/Number;)I NoneFix
org.jfree.data.xy.XYDataItem:getX()Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.jfree.data.xy.XYSeries:getItemCount()I NoneFix
org.jfree.data.xy.XYDataItem:<init>(Ljava/lang/Number;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NoneFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NoneFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NoneFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NoneFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
org.jfree.data.xy.XYSeries:addOrUpdate(DD)Lorg/jfree/data/xy/XYDataItem; CleanFix
org.jfree.data.xy.XYSeries:addOrUpdate(Ljava/lang/Number;Ljava/lang/Number;)Lorg/jfree/data/xy/XYDataItem; CleanFix
org.jfree.data.xy.XYDataItem:compareTo(Ljava/lang/Object;)I NoisyFix
org.jfree.data.xy.XYSeries:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;ZZ)V NoisyFix
org.jfree.data.xy.XYSeries:indexOf(Ljava/lang/Number;)I NoneFix
org.jfree.data.xy.XYDataItem:getX()Ljava/lang/Number; NoneFix
org.jfree.data.xy.XYSeries:getItemCount()I NoneFix
org.jfree.data.xy.XYDataItem:<init>(Ljava/lang/Number;Ljava/lang/Number;)V NoneFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:fireSeriesChanged()V NoneFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:notifyListeners(Lorg/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent;)V NoneFix
org.jfree.data.general.SeriesChangeEvent:<init>(Ljava/lang/Object;)V NoneFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;Ljava/lang/String;)V NoneFix
org.jfree.data.general.Series:<init>(Ljava/lang/Comparable;)V NegFix
