org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFraction:floatValue()F NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:checkNotNull(Ljava/lang/Object;Lorg/apache/commons/math/exception/util/Localizable;[Ljava/lang/Object;)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFraction:doubleValue()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFraction:<init>(Ljava/math/BigInteger;Ljava/math/BigInteger;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFraction:floatValue()F NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:checkNotNull(Ljava/lang/Object;Lorg/apache/commons/math/exception/util/Localizable;[Ljava/lang/Object;)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFraction:doubleValue()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFraction:<init>(Ljava/math/BigInteger;Ljava/math/BigInteger;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFraction:floatValue()F NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:checkNotNull(Ljava/lang/Object;Lorg/apache/commons/math/exception/util/Localizable;[Ljava/lang/Object;)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFraction:doubleValue()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFraction:<init>(Ljava/math/BigInteger;Ljava/math/BigInteger;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFraction:floatValue()F NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:checkNotNull(Ljava/lang/Object;Lorg/apache/commons/math/exception/util/Localizable;[Ljava/lang/Object;)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFraction:doubleValue()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFraction:<init>(Ljava/math/BigInteger;Ljava/math/BigInteger;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFraction:floatValue()F NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:checkNotNull(Ljava/lang/Object;Lorg/apache/commons/math/exception/util/Localizable;[Ljava/lang/Object;)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFraction:doubleValue()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFraction:<init>(Ljava/math/BigInteger;Ljava/math/BigInteger;)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFraction:floatValue()F NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:checkNotNull(Ljava/lang/Object;Lorg/apache/commons/math/exception/util/Localizable;[Ljava/lang/Object;)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFraction:doubleValue()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFraction:<init>(Ljava/math/BigInteger;Ljava/math/BigInteger;)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFraction:floatValue()F NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:checkNotNull(Ljava/lang/Object;Lorg/apache/commons/math/exception/util/Localizable;[Ljava/lang/Object;)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFraction:doubleValue()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFraction:<init>(Ljava/math/BigInteger;Ljava/math/BigInteger;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFraction:floatValue()F NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:checkNotNull(Ljava/lang/Object;Lorg/apache/commons/math/exception/util/Localizable;[Ljava/lang/Object;)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFraction:doubleValue()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFraction:<init>(Ljava/math/BigInteger;Ljava/math/BigInteger;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFraction:floatValue()F NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:checkNotNull(Ljava/lang/Object;Lorg/apache/commons/math/exception/util/Localizable;[Ljava/lang/Object;)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFraction:doubleValue()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFraction:<init>(Ljava/math/BigInteger;Ljava/math/BigInteger;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFraction:floatValue()F NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:checkNotNull(Ljava/lang/Object;Lorg/apache/commons/math/exception/util/Localizable;[Ljava/lang/Object;)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFraction:doubleValue()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFraction:<init>(Ljava/math/BigInteger;Ljava/math/BigInteger;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFraction:floatValue()F NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:checkNotNull(Ljava/lang/Object;Lorg/apache/commons/math/exception/util/Localizable;[Ljava/lang/Object;)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFraction:doubleValue()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFraction:<init>(Ljava/math/BigInteger;Ljava/math/BigInteger;)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFraction:floatValue()F NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:checkNotNull(Ljava/lang/Object;Lorg/apache/commons/math/exception/util/Localizable;[Ljava/lang/Object;)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFraction:doubleValue()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFraction:<init>(Ljava/math/BigInteger;Ljava/math/BigInteger;)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFraction:floatValue()F NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:checkNotNull(Ljava/lang/Object;Lorg/apache/commons/math/exception/util/Localizable;[Ljava/lang/Object;)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFraction:doubleValue()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFraction:<init>(Ljava/math/BigInteger;Ljava/math/BigInteger;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFraction:floatValue()F NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:checkNotNull(Ljava/lang/Object;Lorg/apache/commons/math/exception/util/Localizable;[Ljava/lang/Object;)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFraction:doubleValue()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFraction:<init>(Ljava/math/BigInteger;Ljava/math/BigInteger;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFraction:floatValue()F NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:checkNotNull(Ljava/lang/Object;Lorg/apache/commons/math/exception/util/Localizable;[Ljava/lang/Object;)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFraction:doubleValue()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFraction:<init>(Ljava/math/BigInteger;Ljava/math/BigInteger;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFraction:floatValue()F NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:checkNotNull(Ljava/lang/Object;Lorg/apache/commons/math/exception/util/Localizable;[Ljava/lang/Object;)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFraction:doubleValue()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFraction:<init>(Ljava/math/BigInteger;Ljava/math/BigInteger;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFraction:floatValue()F NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:checkNotNull(Ljava/lang/Object;Lorg/apache/commons/math/exception/util/Localizable;[Ljava/lang/Object;)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFraction:doubleValue()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFraction:<init>(Ljava/math/BigInteger;Ljava/math/BigInteger;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFraction:floatValue()F NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:checkNotNull(Ljava/lang/Object;Lorg/apache/commons/math/exception/util/Localizable;[Ljava/lang/Object;)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFraction:doubleValue()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFraction:<init>(Ljava/math/BigInteger;Ljava/math/BigInteger;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFraction:floatValue()F NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:checkNotNull(Ljava/lang/Object;Lorg/apache/commons/math/exception/util/Localizable;[Ljava/lang/Object;)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFraction:doubleValue()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFraction:<init>(Ljava/math/BigInteger;Ljava/math/BigInteger;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFraction:floatValue()F NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:checkNotNull(Ljava/lang/Object;Lorg/apache/commons/math/exception/util/Localizable;[Ljava/lang/Object;)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFraction:doubleValue()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFraction:<init>(Ljava/math/BigInteger;Ljava/math/BigInteger;)V CleanFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFraction:floatValue()F NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:checkNotNull(Ljava/lang/Object;Lorg/apache/commons/math/exception/util/Localizable;[Ljava/lang/Object;)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFraction:doubleValue()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFraction:<init>(Ljava/math/BigInteger;Ljava/math/BigInteger;)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFraction:floatValue()F NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:checkNotNull(Ljava/lang/Object;Lorg/apache/commons/math/exception/util/Localizable;[Ljava/lang/Object;)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFraction:doubleValue()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFraction:<init>(Ljava/math/BigInteger;Ljava/math/BigInteger;)V NoneFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFraction:floatValue()F NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:checkNotNull(Ljava/lang/Object;Lorg/apache/commons/math/exception/util/Localizable;[Ljava/lang/Object;)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFraction:doubleValue()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFraction:<init>(Ljava/math/BigInteger;Ljava/math/BigInteger;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFraction:floatValue()F NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:checkNotNull(Ljava/lang/Object;Lorg/apache/commons/math/exception/util/Localizable;[Ljava/lang/Object;)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFraction:doubleValue()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFraction:<init>(Ljava/math/BigInteger;Ljava/math/BigInteger;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFraction:floatValue()F NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:checkNotNull(Ljava/lang/Object;Lorg/apache/commons/math/exception/util/Localizable;[Ljava/lang/Object;)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFraction:doubleValue()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFraction:<init>(Ljava/math/BigInteger;Ljava/math/BigInteger;)V NegFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFraction:floatValue()F NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtils:checkNotNull(Ljava/lang/Object;Lorg/apache/commons/math/exception/util/Localizable;[Ljava/lang/Object;)V NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFraction:doubleValue()D NoisyFix
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFraction:<init>(Ljava/math/BigInteger;Ljava/math/BigInteger;)V NegFix
